People think magic is everywhere,
but everywhere has to start somewhere.
(hopeful music)
(lock clicks)
Every day, millions of letters get sorted out
and sent off to the zip codes of their destiny.
Mail's here.
And when the letters reach their zip code,
one person's responsible for bringing them to our homes.
We don't know his name, we don't know his age.
Most of us don't even know what he looks like.
But we always take for granted
that every single day at 3pm, the mail comes.
(upbeat music)
(cart rattling)
(metal clanging)
(water splashing)
(lock clicks)
Mail's here.
(bell dings)
(lock clicks)
(match strikes)
(opera music)
(woman exhales)
(joyful music)
(lock clicks)
(door clangs)
Hey, did you get the mail?
You got this.
It's from the mailman.
Oh, that's so cute.
He's really hot, isn't he?
You should write him back.
And say what?
Tell him that you'd like to go out with him,
maybe go see the new Woody Allen movie.
I hear it's really good.
Okay, okay, thanks.
People think magic is everywhere,
but everywhere has to start somewhere.
(joyful music)